When building an application, a set of ethical and professional responsibilities arise. It is important to implement ethical responsibilities such as: Securely storing and hashing passwords, website being access friendly, and possibly prevent users from commenting with hateful messages on other's recipes. Some professional responsibilities may be to have an application where there is little to no bugs, write the code with great comments explaining the code, and implement user friendly UI. 

The development of an application where users can come together and share their unique recipes is really important in the global, economic, environmental, and societal contexts. Globally, users are able to connect from different culture backgrounds who have a passion for food and are willing to share what they enjoy to cook to allow other people to enjoy that same food. This would open other people's minds to other recipes from another culture and we are able to learn from one another through food. 

Economically, this may help people who do not have access to a cookbook who are not able to purchase one financially. In this web application, it is completely free for a user to sign up, log in, and view other recipes that people have created so they may condulge in creating the recipe. This application provides accessibility to everyone, expanding culinary knowledge.

Enviromentally, this web application may encourage others to cook other types of food such as vegan food. With users not utilizing meat in their recipes, this will make an impact environmentally. Less animals will be killed in order to be used for food, meaning more livestock in the environment. 

From the societal context perspective, this is an application that will unite the community through food recipes, possibly encouraging other people to cook more healthy food, instead of eating street food. With an accessible website and cheap ingredients, users will be able to bond and create unique recipes together. Therefore, the impact of engineering solutions is really helpful amongst society. 
